openvpn --config AU_Melbourne.ovpn
openvpn --config AU_Sydney.ovpn
openvpn --config Brazil.ovpn
openvpn --config CA_North_York.ovpn
openvpn --config CA_Toronto.ovpn
openvpn --config France.ovpn
openvpn --config Germany.ovpn
openvpn --config Hong_Kong.ovpn
openvpn --config Ireland.ovpn
openvpn --config Israel.ovpn
openvpn --config Italy.ovpn
openvpn --config Japan.ovpn
openvpn --config Mexico.ovpn
openvpn --config Netherlands.ovpn
openvpn --config Romania.ovpn
openvpn --config Russia.ovpn
openvpn --config Singapore.ovpn
openvpn --config Sweden.ovpn
openvpn --config Switzerland.ovpn
openvpn --config Turkey.ovpn
openvpn --config UK_London.ovpn
openvpn --config UK_Southampton.ovpn
openvpn --config US_California.ovpn
US_East.ovpn
US_Florida.ovpn
US_Midwest.ovpn
US_New_York_City.ovpn
US_Seattle.ovpn
US_Silicon_Valley.ovpn
US_Texas.ovpn
US_West.ovpn

sudo openvpn --config Londonovpn
